d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\AddAppliancePage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAppliances.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewPage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewPage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.g.i.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAppliances.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewPage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.xaml
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\AddAppliancePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\CheckUnitsPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewAppliances.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\ViewPage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\WelcomePage.xbf
d:\mod\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp\ElectricityApp.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
